FOCUS Coin was created by former developers of Zcash and Bitcoin until a new set of developers, DevTeamSix set in to kick off and achieve the goals of the company. They are a fully doxxed team who has shown their faces and business address. This is a multibillionaire team of highly experienced developers, entrepreneurs, and marketers with decades of experience. They launched FOCUS coin since 2019 and achieved a hard cap of 100,000,000 FOC. The market cap kissed $300M in 2019 and is now increasing to $650M. This may be the last chance to get in and invest on FOCUS coin.

DEVELOPERS

🔐 First Developers FOCUS Coin -  Former devs of Zcash and Bitcoin.
      Latest Developer FOCUS Coin - DevTeamSix

WHY DO I NEED TO INVEST IN FOCUS COIN?

Let’s face it; most projects being shilled here are posted by people who have already bought in early looking to dump. The crypto market has been underwhelming lately, and many projects have gone to the grave. FOCUS coin is one of the few projects still holding strong since 2019 and the team behind it (DevTeamSix)  has launched a new whitepaper to guide and direct the investors on FOCUS coin plans 2021 and beyond.

FOCUS coin is the worlds first ever crypto with an adjusting feature and potential to speed up in price and cover a market cap of $650M in one month. This is achieved through the exchange and swapping of liquid (failed) coins to FOCUS coin. 







FOCUSING ON THE FUTURE

Focusing on the future means investing in a potential project and strong cryptocucurrency with reliable developers with the ability to steady the price of FOCUS COIN. We provide you with the most necessary features that will make your experience better. Not only we guarantee the fastest and the most exciting returns on your investments, but we also guarantee the security of your investment.


If we look back at the beginning of our experience as investors in failed cryptocurrency, we had a hard time, due to all of the challenges in an unknown investment environment,
The lack of reliable information, the uncertainty, the volatility of the market, and our close-to-zero experience were some of the hurdles that we overcame.

John Albert has always been a transformational leader. He has worked in both large corporations and startups, finding success wherever he went. His life mission, “Give to everyone the same opportunity in life” fuels him in his businesses. He just realized how much time was needed to learn and understand this new investment opportunity.
